Текст:

Many Russians decide to receive good education, start their career or just spend some time abroad. Upon returning to Russia they are able to share their knowledge, experience and information gained abroad with their colleagues and friends. The word вЂњteenagerвЂќ tells us that the person has already grown up. It has grown enough to make some important decisions, to show independence in some way and, of course, to demand respect and attitude towards oneself as an adult. But вЂњgrown upвЂќ, nevertheless, does not mean вЂњbecame an adultвЂќ. It remains the desire and needs to be accepted. A child at this age most wants his parents to support, comfort and sincerely show condescension or stand up for active protection at the right time. Each adult can remember their physical condition at a transitional age. I constantly want to sleep, my arms and legs ache, my head, chest, and stomach hurt вЂ¦ At the same time, you need to go to school, do homework and responsibilities at home вЂ¦ How much fewer conflicts there would be at home if parents understood the physical condition of children In some things, they were more condescending. The hormonal surge in the body dictates the emotional state of a teenager. He or she doesn understand why they want to cry, then laugh, then suddenly everything around them becomes annoying вЂ¦ In some, puberty passes very quickly and intensely, in others it stretches for several years, and therefore it seems more peaceful. Intense maturation means a sharp hormonal jump in the body and, as a result, sharp emotional fluctuations. Naturally, such an unstable emotional state leads to conflict situations with parents, teachers, and with the same maturing children with the same hormonal and emotional problems. And although perhaps your son or daughter doesn show it externally, conflicts hurt and make you suffer. When I have free time, I often listen to my favourite composer, Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, His works fill me with new energy, help me to relax and raise my mood. In the centuries following, Irish Catholics had very few rights in their own country. The Catholic Irish were not allowed to vote until 1829. Since Irish Catholics were not allowed to own land, they were poor tenant farmers. They paid rent to the English landlords. The main food crop in the 1840s was potatoes. When these became infected by blight, thousands of Irishmen starved. Many others were evicted from their dwellings because they couldnвЂ™t pay the rent. Hundreds of thousands of Irish took ship for North America.  The Catholic Irish preferred to go to the United States because Canada was under British influence. However, many Protestant Irish went to Canada. The influence of the Irish on North American culture has been very great in many areas. Prominent Irish Americans include Presidents John F. Kennedy and Ronald Reagan. Meanwhile, in Ireland itself, a strong independence movement developed. A rebellion against England in 1916 began a struggle that resulted in independence for most of Ireland. Some Protestant areas.

Вариант 19: латиница, по кол-ву символов в слове, по убыванию, игнорировать числа, сортировка пузырьком

Количество слов в тексте: 498

Время сортировки: 0.091 секунд

Статистика (количество слов каждой длины): 
Количество слов длины 1 - 13
Количество слов длины 2 - 81
Количество слов длины 3 - 73
Количество слов длины 4 - 98
Количество слов длины 5 - 60
Количество слов длины 6 - 36
Количество слов длины 7 - 40
Количество слов длины 8 - 37
Количество слов длины 9 - 35
Количество слов длины 10 - 13
Количество слов длины 11 - 1
Количество слов длины 12 - 6
Количество слов длины 13 - 2
Количество слов длины 16 - 1
